# 2025-08-07 : TSC Agenda

## Attendees
TSC members: 
* [ ] Manuel Barbosa
* [ ] Hanno Becker
* [ ] Matthias J. Kannwischer
* [ ] Franziskus Kiefer
* [ ] Jake Massimo
* [ ] Tiago Oliveira
* [ ] Pravek Sharma
* [ ] Markku-Juhani Saarinen

Other attendees:
* TBD

## Agenda

* Welcome
* Approval of minutes from previous meeting (2025-07-03)
  * Minutes available at https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/pull/177
  * Call for vote to approve minutes
  * Outstanding action items:
    - [X] Matthias: Add Markku-Juhani Saarinen to TSC membership
    - [X] Matthias: Recommend PQCP for Growth stage to TAC
    - [X] Franziskus: Finalize documentation standards proposal and comment on [#151](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/151)

* Updates from related communities (PQCA, OQS)

* Review status of sub projects
  * [mlkem-native](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-native)
  * [mldsa-native](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mldsa-native)
  * [mlkem-libjade](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-libjade)
  * [mlkem-rust-libcrux](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-rust-libcrux)
  * [mlkem-c-embedded](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-c-embedded)
  * [mlkem-c-generic](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-c-generic)
  * [slhdsa-c](https://github.com/pq-code-package/slhdsa-c)

* Discussion items
  * [Rust libcrux repository re-org](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/181) - Vote on renaming proposal
  * [Project Documentation Standards](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/151)
  * Review of remaining open issues:
    - [Determine any cross-implementation API requirements](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/4)
    - [Adopt a definition of assurance levels](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/3)

* Any other business

* Next meeting: 2025-09-04 13:00 UTC

## Notes
