# 2025-12-04: TSC Minutes

## Agenda

* Welcome
* Approval of minutes from previous meeting: [2025-11-06](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/pull/189)
* Next TSC meeting rescheduled to 2026-01-08 13:00 UTC (instead of 2026-01-01)
* Updates from related communities (PQCA, OQS)
* Review status of sub projects
  * [mlkem-native](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-native)
  * [mldsa-native](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mldsa-native)
  * [mlkem-libjade](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-libjade)
  * [rust-libcrux](https://github.com/pq-code-package/rust-libcrux)
  * [slhdsa-c](https://github.com/pq-code-package/slhdsa-c)
* Discussion items
  * TSC membership: Pravek Sharma
    - Pravek left OQS team/UWaterloo
    - Last PQCP TSC meeting attendance: 2025-07-03
    - I asked him to step down from the PQCP TSC on 2025-11-07 - no response
    - Vote to remove him from the TSC
  * [Consider archiving mlkem-c-embedded](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/191) - Vote
  * [PQCP Growth Plan](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/188) - Status update
    - [X] mlkem-native
    - [X] mldsa-native
    - [X] mlkem-libjade
    - [ ] rust-libcrux
    - [ ] slhdsa-c
  * [Project Documentation Standards](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/151) - Implementation status
    - [X] [mlkem-native](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-native/issues/1289)
    - [X] [mldsa-native](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mldsa-native/issues/634)
    - [ ] [mlkem-libjade](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-libjade/issues/4)
    - [ ] [rust-libcrux](https://github.com/pq-code-package/rust-libcrux/issues/6)
    - [ ] [slhdsa-c](https://github.com/pq-code-package/slhdsa-c/issues/38)
  * Review of remaining open issues:
    - [Determine any cross-implementation API requirements](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/4)
    - [Adopt a definition of assurance levels](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/3)
* Any other business
* Next meeting: 2026-01-08 13:00 UTC 

## Attendees
TSC members:
* [ ] Manuel Barbosa
* [ ] Hanno Becker
* [X] Matthias J. Kannwischer
* [X] Franziskus Kiefer
* [ ] Jake Massimo
* [ ] Tiago Oliveira
* [ ] Pravek Sharma
* [ ] Markku-Juhani Saarinen

## Minutes

The meeting deferred due to lack of attendance.

**Next meeting: 2026-01-08 13:00 UTC**
